# Titanic
Power BI Report
Starting with an openly available Titanic dataset I realised it was missing a large amount of information. Researching online I found a website containing more complete details but arranged in different formats. I experimented with two methods of combining and cleaning the data. Directly on Power BI, which worked but ultimately took too long and took up too much memory so was not efficient. I then used Alteryx Designer which was slightly better but I had already added a lot of the new information by then so not comparing like with like. In discussion with a colleague regarding the volume and formats of the new information and how best to gather it I was advised to try web scraping which I'm not yet familiar with but I intend to look at next.
Once I had the full clean data as Excel files I uploaded them to Power BI to create my report.
A number of new columns and measures were needed to obtain the required information. Measures to do with tickets and fares were more complex as their values appeared as duplicates and needed summarising as counts and averages, including taking into account the passengers who had complimentary tickets. There were also several measures using related tables.
Initially I did not include titles for all visuals as I felt they were self explanatory, ie. the Sunburst visuals, but asking the opinion of a lay person I was advised that they were necessary. I would appreciate the views of others if anybody would like to express an opinion.
